This document contains general guidelines for the creation of design patterns (DP), especially in the context of the BFO and CCO communities. The intent of DPs as understood in this document are numerous: they act as documentation for the ontology, insofar as they show how the resources in the ontology can be correctly used. They also provide a reusable template that can be implemented in a system using ontologies, for example to guide instantiation or to write SPARQL queries that look for the presence of a certain structure. The current status of the guidelines discussed and adopted in the NCOR CCO working group are the following:

1. The DP needs to have a clear and understandable legend.
2. The DP needs to represent a graph structure of instances related to each other using relations from the ontology itself or from web languages such as XML/RDF, OWL, etc. 
3. The DP needs to clearly and unambiguously distinguish between classes, instances, relations and data. For example, by using different colors or shapes in the graph.
4. Relations shall be represented as edges, while classes and instances are to be represented as nodes.
5. All instances should have at least one parent class to make it clear where it fits in the BFO/CCO hierarchy. 
6. When the focus of the DP is explaning a relation, its more general domain and range classes must be used. For example, a DP illustrating the relation "bfo:specifically dependends on" will use the class "bfo:Specifically Dependent Continuant" as the domain and "bfo:Independent Continunat" as the range, and not the classes "bfo:Quality" or "bfo:Material Entity", which are children of "bfo:Specifically Dependent Continuant" and "bfo:Independent Continunat", respectively.  
7. The DP needs to label relations with the exact rdfs:label taken by the ontology, plus the prefix of the ontology (i.e. "cco:agent in"). On a second line of the class node, add the URI of the relation too.
8. The DP needs to label classes with the exact rdfs:label taken by the ontology, plus the prefix of the ontology (i.e. "cco:Civilian Role"). On a second line of the class node, add the URI of the class too.
9. The DP needs to have instances named with human-friendly names, contrasted to mere acronyms or codes, if possible. For example, "John" can serve as the name of an instance of class "cco:Person". 
10. Always use number IDs at the end of lower case instance names, like "person 1" or "sledge 33", if no proper names for instances are available, like "Charles L. Kane" for a person, or "Rosebud" for a sledge.
11. Instance names serve the purpose of providing an example of what in the world the class structure could be used to represent. Nevertheless, it is up to the author of the DP to make it clear that the structure can be reused for different cases as well.
12. Preferebly, the DP should be uploaded as a markup code file (e.g. Mermaid) and as a high quality image file displayable on Github. The minimum is having the image file.
13. A complete DP consists of these file: a text file with the Competency Questions the DP aims to answer, the Intent of the DP, and its graph structure in natural language; a file with the SPARQL queries formalizing the Copetency Questions; a file with the Mermaid Code; a file with the image rendering of the Mermaid code.
14. When a DP is completed and approved by the repo custodians with a merge of the pull request, the author of the DP must immediately copy the DP and make another pull request to the main [CCO repo](https://github.com/CommonCoreOntology) to make it part of the official CCO documentation.
