The group decides to skip the first meeting in January.

We start reviewing the PR from Cristian.

We discuss whether competency questions can/should be created a posteriori from the DP rather than before. 
We agree that it is ideal that the competency questions should be created before the DP, but we had to reverse engineer the CQs out of the 
diagrams from CUBRC.

Cristian agrees with comments from Giorgio and Giacomo and will work on them during next week.

Giacomo proposes the following draft for the internal structure of the folders and Giorgio and Fede discuss whether we should have a blank 
template to copy-paste.

- Readme
- Folder for queries
- Mermaid folder
- SHACL if we ever do that

We agree that we should always test the queries and provide a simple way for the reviewers to reproduce them. Nevertheless, we also agree that 
this shouldn't be done until we have updates from Ray and Giacomo.

Cristian asks how many patterns we should create to test the methodology. We agree that only 2/3 of them need to be presented in the paper, but 
more will be needed to test.

Fabricio suggests we could get a synthetic graph with all the instances of classes you find in domain and ranges of relations and then to start 
looking at that.

TODO:

Giorgio to add template
Ray and Giacomo to work on SPARQL and methodology
Cristian to review DP
Elena to polish paper draft

