(attendees: Cristian, Ryan Hohimer, Giacomo, Samuel)

We discuss whether we should continue developing patterns for CCO given that CCO is a moving target. We agree that given that the paper is focusing on the 
methodology, we are not married to content specifically from one ontology or the other. Nevertheless, CCO is still a very good test case and 
we decide that we can aim at having 1/2 patterns from CCO in the paper provided that we first get them checked by the governance board. 

Samuel offers to act as liaison between the two groups

review Giorgio PR:

we discuss whether we want to add a cc by 4.0 license to the repo, and Cristian takes the action item to look into that more.

review Cristian PR
(merged PR 64)

discuss timeline and FOIS

(FOIS looking fine given that someone is able to present for sure. Deadline for main track is March 23)


